c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MebeliGergana\MebeliGergana.Data\bin\Release\MebeliGergana.Data.dll.config
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MebeliGergana\MebeliGergana.Data\bin\Release\MebeliGergana.Data.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MebeliGergana\MebeliGergana.Data\bin\Release\MebeliGergana.Data.pdb
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MebeliGergana\MebeliGergana.Data\bin\Release\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MebeliGergana\MebeliGergana.Data\bin\Release\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MebeliGergana\MebeliGergana.Data\bin\Release\MebeliGergana.Models.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MebeliGergana\MebeliGergana.Data\bin\Release\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MebeliGergana\MebeliGergana.Data\bin\Release\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MebeliGergana\MebeliGergana.Data\bin\Release\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MebeliGergana\MebeliGergana.Data\bin\Release\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MebeliGergana\MebeliGergana.Data\bin\Release\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MebeliGergana\MebeliGergana.Data\bin\Release\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MebeliGergana\MebeliGergana.Data\bin\Release\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MebeliGergana\MebeliGergana.Data\bin\Release\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MebeliGergana\MebeliGergana.Data\bin\Release\Owin.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MebeliGergana\MebeliGergana.Data\bin\Release\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MebeliGergana\MebeliGergana.Data\bin\Release\MebeliGergana.Models.pdb
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MebeliGergana\MebeliGergana.Data\bin\Release\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MebeliGergana\MebeliGergana.Data\bin\Release\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MebeliGergana\MebeliGergana.Data\bin\Release\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MebeliGergana\MebeliGergana.Data\bin\Release\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MebeliGergana\MebeliGergana.Data\bin\Release\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MebeliGergana\MebeliGergana.Data\bin\Release\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MebeliGergana\MebeliGergana.Data\bin\Release\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MebeliGergana\MebeliGergana.Data\bin\Release\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MebeliGergana\MebeliGergana.Data\bin\Release\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MebeliGergana\MebeliGergana.Data\bin\Release\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MebeliGergana\MebeliGergana.Data\obj\Release\MebeliGergana.Data.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MebeliGergana\MebeliGergana.Data\obj\Release\MebeliGergana.Data.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MebeliGergana\MebeliGergana.Data\obj\Release\MebeliGergana.Data.pdb
